# INTERSECT

> INTERSECT is an intentional assembly, an ancient tradition, a crossroads where humans stop and gather to reflect before continuing their journey in life. It is said that these humans come to INTERSECT moved by a desire to hack their worldviews and challenge their most cherished beliefs. It is also said that they leave from INTERSECT transformed from each other's perspectives and walking towards shared futures worth materializing. Rumour has it that in the present they conspire to make those futures past, as they harness the power of technology and religion. They cometh not alone. Join them in this exercise of speculative realism at CCC.

## Development

https://github.com/hack-along/EquinoxUnconf.git
1. `git clone https://github.com/bonfirelink/ccc-intersect.git`
2. `cd ccc-intersect`
3. `npm install`
4. `npm run dev` to start a local dev server at `http://localhost:8080`
5. Happy coding 🎉🙌

### Events

There are two ways you can change or add events to the INTERSECT site. The first one is via changing files on GitHub. The second one is via the [Netlify CMS admin panel](https://intersect.bonfire.link/admin).

#### Adding events via GitHub

Create a `.md` file in the [`content/events/`](https://github.com/bonfirelink/intersect/blob/master/content/events/) directory. Use this **front matter** syntax to add any additional info before the main content. All of this is optional, but title is strongly recommended. Note that this is the human friendly syntax. Files generated by NetlifyCMS can be different. If you would like to upload an image, put it in the [`static/uploads/events/`](static/uploads/events) directory.

```yaml
---
title: Opening INTERSECT assembly
excerpt: Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Necessitatibus quasi natus itaque qui odit.
date: 2020-09-22 #YYYY-mm-dd
start_time: 1500 # don't use semicolon in the time format
end_time: 1530
thumbnail: /uploads/events/moon.png
tags:
    - community
    - self-organization
---
```

#### Adding events via NetlifyCMS

Just go to [Netlify CMS admin pannel](https://intersect.bonfire.link/admin) and authorize the github/netlify connection.
From there on you can access the CMS and add or edit events. The markdown generated will look slightly different.

```yaml
---
title: Example Events
excerpt: Donec eu magna bibendum, placerat nibh vel, facilisis eros.
date: 2020-09-22T00:00:00.000Z
start_time: 1900
end_time: 2000
thumbnail: /uploads/events/moon.png
tags:
   - patterns
   - community
   - new economy
---
```

### Adding Vue components

Event pages are set up using the [Vue-Remakr](https://gridsome.org/plugins/@gridsome/vue-remark) plugin. This plugin not only translates Markdown into HTML, it also allows you to use Vue components directly in the markdown file.

Have fun!
